Some people can’t believe in themselves until someone else believes in them first. - Sean Maguire, Good Will Hunting
It’s only after we’ve lost everything that we’re free to do anything. - Fight Club, Tyler Durden
It is not our abilities that show what we truly are… it is our choices. - Dumbledore, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
Why are you trying so hard to fit in when you were born to stand out? - Movie "What a girl wants"
Oh yes, the past can hurt. But you can either run from it, or learn from it. - Rafiki, from The Lion King
If we didn’t do what we loved, we wouldn’t exist. - Adonis, Creed II
At some point you’ve got to decide for yourself who you gonna be. Can’t let nobody make that decision for you. - Juan, Moonlight
You’re nothing to me until you’re everything. - American Hustle
The greatest thing you’ll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return. - From Moulin Rouge
Do, or do not. There is no "try". - Yoda
I’m scared of everything. I’m scared of what I saw. I’m scared of what I did, of who I am…. and most of all, I’m scared of walking out of this room and never feeling the rest of my whole life the way I feel when I’m with you. - Baby in Dirty Dancing
Sometimes I wish I had never met you. Because then I could go to sleep at night not knowing there was someone like you out there. - Good Will Hunting (see more Good Will Hunting quote)
Life moves pretty fast. If you don’t stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it. - Ferris, from Ferris Bueller’s Day Off
Remember those posters that said, "Today is the first day of the rest of your life"? Well, that’s true of every day but one…the day you die. - American Beauty
The best love is the kind that awakens the soul and makes us reach for more, that plants a fire in our hearts and brings peace to our minds. And that’s what you’ve given me. That’s what I’d hoped to give you forever. - Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook
Every man dies, not every man really lives. - Braveheart
The truth is a matter of circumstances, it’s not all things to all people all the time. - Captain America: The Winter Soldier
I believe whatever doesn’t kill you, simply makes you…stranger. - The Dark Knight, The Joker
When you decide to be something, you can be it. - Frank Costello, The Departed
Man is least himself when he talks in his own person. But if you give him a mask, he will tell you the truth. - The Fifth Estate, Julian Assange
Ideals are peaceful. History is violent. - Don Collier, Fury
When I despair, I remember that all through history the way of truth and love has always won. There have been tyrants and murderers, and for a time, they can seem invincible, but in the end, they always fall. Think of it, always. - Gandhi,  Gandhi (1982)
All those moments will be lost in time… like tears in rain. - Rutger Hauer, Blade Runner
A boy’s best friend is his mother. - Anthony Perkins, Psycho
Carpe diem. Seize the day, boys. Make your lives extraordinary. - Robin Williams, Dead Poets Society
et busy living, or get busy dying.  , Andy Dufresne, The Shawshank Redemption
Hope. It is the only thing stronger than fear. A little hope is effective. A lot of hope is dangerous. A spark is fine, as long as it’s contained. - President Snow, The Hunger Games
If you figure a way to live without serving a master, any master, then let the rest of us know, will you? For you’d be the first person in the history of the world. - Philip Seymour Hoffman, The Master
Nobody’s perfect. - Some Like It Hot
Now you’re looking for the secret, but you won’t find it, because of course you’re not really looking. You don’t really want to know. You want to be fooled. - The Prestige
To call you stupid would be an insult to stupid people! - A Fish Called Wanda
We all want to help one another. Human beings are like that. We want to live by each other’s happiness, not by each other’s misery. -  Charlie Chaplin, The Great Dictator
There’s no place like home. - The Wizard of Oz
They may take our lives, but they will never take… our FREEDOM! - Braveheart
Do, or do not. There is no "try". - Yoda, Star Wars
Love cannot be found where it doesn’t exist, nor can it be hidden where it truly does. - David Schwimmer, Kissing a Fool
Don’t let anyone ever make you feel like you don’t deserve what you want. - Heath Ledger, 10 Things I Hate About You
I don’t regret the things I’ve done, but those I did not do. - Empire Records
My momma always said, "Life is like a box of chocolates, you never know what you’re gonna get." - Forrest Gump
Don’t ever let somebody tell you you can’t do something, not even me. Alright? You dream, you gotta protect it. People can’t do something themselves, they wanna tell you you can’t do it. If you want something, go get it. Period. - Chris Gardner, The Pursuit of Happyness
To see the world, things dangerous to come to, to see behind walls, to draw closer, to find each other and to feel. That is the purpose of life. - The Secret Life of Walter Mitty
All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given to us. - Gandalf, Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring
Great men are not born great, they grow great. - Mario Puzo, The Godfather
Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming, swimming, swimming. What do we do? We swim, swim. - Dory, Finding Nemo
What we do in life echoes in eternity. - Maximus, Gladiator
Every man dies, but not every man really lives. - William Wallace, Braveheart
I know what I have to do now. I’ve got to keep breathing because tomorrow the sun will rise. Who knows what the tide could bring? - Cast Away
Nobody is gonna hit as hard as life, but it ain’t how hard you can hit. It’s how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward. It’s how much you can take, and keep moving forward. That’s how winning is done. - Rocky, Rocky Balboa
You drilled a hole in the dentist?! - Denise, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Being human is a condition which requires an anesthetic. - Freddie Mercury, Bohemian Rhapsody
Dying for the right cause. It’s the most human thing we can do. - Freysa, Blade Runner 2049
Fire. It is a reflection of our own mortality. - Dean Armitage, Get Out
When will the lesson be learned! You cannot reason with a tiger when your head is in its mouth! - Winston Churchill, Darkest Hour
We Shall Never Surrender. - Soldier, Dunkirk
All the courage in the world cannot alter fact. - Niander Wallace, Blade Runner 2049
ow many times do I have to teach you: just because something works doesn’t mean it can’t be improved., huri, Black Panther
So if I’m not black enough and if I’m not white enough, then tell me, Tony, what am I!? - Don Shirley, Green Book
Favor is a breeze that shifts direction all the time. - Harley, The Favourite
That’s one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind. - Neil Armstrong, First Man
Show me the money! - Jerry Maguire (see more Jerry Maguire quote)
The only failure is not to try - George Clooney
Don’t be afraid to fail. It’s not the end of the world and in many ways it’s the first step toward learning something better and getting better at it - Jon Hamm
fter many years of self-flagellation, I’ve realized that beating myself up doesn’t get me anywhere  , Chris Pine
our regrets aren’t what you did, but what you didn’t do. So I take every opportunity  , Cameron Diaz
I’ve come across many actors like me who didn’t have a backup. That drive & will made it work - Clive Owen
I say luck is when an opportunity comes along and you’re prepared for it - Denzel Washington
The best way to guarantee a loss is to quit - Morgan Freeman
’m a big believer in ‘never say never’   , Jim Parsons
Be so good they can’t ignore you - Steve Martin
We’re going to be okay. You can rest now. - Pepper Potts, Avengers: Endgame
Look, talent comes everywhere, but having something to say and a way to say it to have people listen to it, that’s a whole other bag. And unless you get out and you try to do it, you’ll never know. That’s just the truth. - ackson Maine, A Star Is Born
Hope is not a strategy. - Walker, Mission: Impossible – Fallout
When you get a different vantage point it changes your perspective… It allows you to see things you should have seen a long time ago. - Neil Armstrong, First Man
Who are we if we can’t protect them? We have to protect them. - Evelyn Abbott, A Quiet Place
It’s not destroying. It’s making something new. - Lena, Annihilation
I keep telling everybody they should move on and grow. Some do. But not us. - Steve Rogers, Avengers: Endgame
You want to get out of the hole? First you’re going to have to put down the shovel. - Agent Rick Dicker, Incredibles 2
Put two ships in the open sea without wind or ride and they will come together. - Arthur, Aquaman
Good words. Good thoughts. Good deeds. - Bomi Bulsara, Bohemian Rhapsody
We need people to care about the one life as much as you care about the millions. That way I don’t have to. - Sloan, Mission: Impossible – Fallout
All you gotta do is trust me. - Jackson Maine, A Star Is Born
Love is blind, Wade. - Blind Al, Deadpool
When I drift off, I will dream about you. It’s always you. - Tony Stark, Avengers: Endgame (also read these Iron Man quote)
Fortune favors the bold. - Jim "Miami" Beach, Bohemian Rhapsody
I hope it’s okay if I love you forever, Jack. - Ally Maine, A Star Is Born
We need to fail. We need to fail down here so we don’t fail up there. - Neil Armstrong, First Man
Listen to me, it’s important that you learn these things. He just wants you to be able to take care of yourself, to take care of me, when I’m old, and grey, and I have no teeth. Don’t worry. - Evelyn Abbott, A Quiet Place
It’s nice to be wanted. - Elastigirl, Incredibles 2
Your mother always knew you were special. She believed… You would be the one to unite our two worlds. - Tom Curry, Aquaman
I love your style. I think we should take more risks. - Mary Austin, Bohemian Rhapsody
Terrorists are schoolboys hoping to spread propaganda through fear. - Lane, Mission: Impossible – Fallout
Even if there’s a small chance. We owe this, to everyone who’s not in this room, to try. - Natasha, Avengers: Endgame
I didn’t think of you paying the price for a choice you never made. - Mr. Incredible, Incredibles 2
Looks aren’t everything. - Blind Al, Deadpool
We go to the moon not because it’s easy but because it’s hard. - President John F. Kennedy, First Man
How do you balance the hard stuff with the life stuff? - Violet, Incredibles 2
If I told you what happens, it won’t happen. - Stephen Strange, Avengers: Endgame
I came because because I have no choice. I came to save my home and the people I love. - Tom Curry, Aquaman
Everything is possible, even the impossible. - Mary Poppins, Mary Poppins Returns (see all inspirational Mary Poppins quote)
May the Force be with you. - Star Wars, 1977
It’s not the years, honey. It’s the mileage. -  Harrison Ford as Indiana Jones in Raiders of the Lost Ark
I’m going to make him an offer he can’t refuse. - The Godfather, 1972
It’s not who I am underneath but what I do that defines me. - Christian Bale as Batman in Batman Begins
You can’t handle the truth! - A Few Good Men, 1992
We’ll always have Paris. - Humphrey Bogart as Rick Blaine in Casablanca
Every time a bell rings, an angel gets his wings. - It’s a Wonderful Life, 1946
he greatest trick the Devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn’t exist., Kevin Spacey as Roger "Verbal" Kint in The Usual Suspects
The Dude abides. - The Big Lebowski, 1998
There’s no crying in baseball! - Tom Hanks as Jimmy Dugan in A League of Their Own
Toto, I’ve a feeling we’re not in Kansas anymore. - The Wizard of Oz, 1939
Only one thing counts in this life: Get them to sign on the line that is dotted. - Alec Baldwin as Blake in Glengarry Glen Ross
This is the beginning of a beautiful friendship. - Casablanca, 1942
Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer. - Al Pacino as Michael Corleone in The Godfather: Part II
To infinity and beyond! - Toy Story, 1995
Our lives are defined by opportunities even the ones we miss. - Brad Pitt as Benjamin Button in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button
I am big! It’s the pictures that got small. - Sunset Boulevard, 1950
Love means never having to say you’re sorry. - Ali MacGraw as Jennifer Cavilleri in Love Story
I mean, funny like I’m a clown? I amuse you? - Goodfellas, 1990
I’m not bad. I’m just drawn that way. - Kathleen Turner as Jessica Rabbit in Who Framed Roger Rabbit
Don’t just fly, soar. - Dumbo (Dumbo)
A wise man can learn more from his enemies than a fool from his friends. - Niki Lauda, Rush
You control your destiny — you don’t need magic to do it. And there are no magical shortcuts to solving your problems. - Merida (Brave)
Sometimes it is the people who no one imagines anything of who do the things that no one can imagine. - Alan Turing, The Imitation Game
In every job that must be done, there is an element of fun. - Mary Poppins (Mary Poppins)
Strange, isn’t it? Each man’s life touches so many other lives. When he isn’t around he leaves an awful hole, doesn’t he? - Clarence The Angel, It’s a Wonderful Life
Your identity is your most valuable possession. Protect it. - Elastigirl (The Incredibles)
The way it works is, you do the thing you’re scared shitless of, and you get the courage AFTER you do it, not before you do it. - Archie Gates, Three Kings
Our fate lives within us. You only have to be brave enough to see it. - Merida (Brave)
To find something, anything, a great truth or a lost pair of glasses, you must first believe there will be some advantage in finding it. - Jack Burden, All the King’s Men
They may take our lives, but they’ll never take our freedom! - Braveheart
So be prepared, be enthusiastic, and leave your bullshit attitude and baggage at the door because we don’t need it! - Wet Hot American Summer
When you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible. - When Harry Met Sally
You ain’t heard nothin’ yet! - The Jazz Singer
You complete me. - Jerry Maguire
I don’t want to survive. I want to live. - 12 Years a Slave
You make me want to be a better man. - As Good as It Gets
It’s alive! It’s alive! - Frankenstein
Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in. - The Godfather: Part III
I have always depended on the kindness of strangers. - A Streetcar Named Desire
By all means, move at a glacial pace. You know how that thrills me. - Miranda Priestly, The Devil Wears Prada
Just a spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down. - Mary Poppins
From where I stand, the sun is shining all over the place. - Singin’ in the Rain
No amount of money ever bought a second of time. - Tony Stark
I’m the king of the world. - Titanic
The hardest choices require the strongest wills. - Thanos
Some people can never believe in themselves until someone believes in them. - Good Will Hunting
Why do we fall, sir? So that we can learn to pick ourselves up. - Alfred Pennyworth
After all, tomorrow is another day. - Gone with the Wind
Those who never change their mind never change anything. - Winston Churchill
Roads? Where we’re going we don’t need roads. - Back to the Future, 1985
Nobody makes me bleed my own blood. Nobody! - Dodgeball: A True Underdog Story (2004)
Fasten your seatbelts. It’s going to be a bumpy night. - All About Eve, 1950
This is the day you will always remember as the day you almost caught Captain Jack Sparrow! - Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl (2003)
As my plastic surgeon always said, if you gotta go, go with a smile. - Jack Nicholson as The Joker in Batman
I’m the guy who does his job. You must be the other guy. - The Departed (2006)
By protecting others, you save yourselves. - Takashi Shimura as Kambei Shimada in Seven Samurai
Look at me. I’m the captain now. - Captain Phillips (2013)
The seaweed is always greener in somebody else’s lake. - Samuel E. Wright as Sebastian in The Little Mermaid
With great power comes great responsibility. - Spider-Man (2002)
You’re gonna need a bigger boat. - Jaws, 1975
Calling it your job don’t make it right, boss. - Paul Newman as Luke in Cool Hand Luke
If you build it, he will come. - Field of Dreams, 1989
Try not. Do—or do not. There is no try. - rank Oz as Yoda in Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back
The stuff that dreams are made of. - The Maltese Falcon, 1941
You had me at ‘Hello.’ - enee Zellweger as Dorothy Boyd in Jerry Maguire
Today, I consider myself the luckiest man on the face of the earth. - he Pride of the Yankees, 1942
Go ahead, make my day. - Sudden Impact, 1983
Nobody puts Baby in a corner. - Dirty Dancing, 1987
One morning I shot an elephant in my pajamas. How he got in my pajamas, I don’t know. - Animal Crackers, 1930
Ogres are like onions. - Shrek (2001)
In one of our designs even these mosquito bites will look like juicy, juicy mangoes! - Bend It Like Beckham (2002)
You’re my boy, Blue! - Old School (2003)
We could not talk or talk forever and still find things to not talk about. - Best in Show (2000)
I just wanted to take another look at you. - A Star Is Born (2018)
Hell is a teenage girl. - Jennifer’s Body (2009)
Ye best start believin’ in ghost stories, Miss Turner. Yer in one. - Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl (2003)
For a guy with a four-digit IQ, I must have missed something. - Limitless (2011)
Put some Windex on it. - My Big Fat Greek Wedding (2002)
Do you know what happens to a toad when it’s struck by lightning? The same thing that happens to everything else. - X-Men (2000)
I don’t have friends. I got family. - Furious 7 (2015)
Didn’t I tell you not to come to my house? Nobody touches my child! - Obsessed (2009)
You have bewitched me, body and soul. - Pride and Prejudice (2005)
I have such doubts! - Doubt (2008)
You gotta hear this one song. It’ll change your life, I swear. - Garden State (2004)
To me, you are perfect. - Love Actually (2003)
You’ve got red on you. - Shaun of the Dead (2004)
My tastes are very singular. - Fifty Shades of Grey (2015)
I want to play a game. - Saw (2004)
In moonlight, black boys look blue. - Moonlight (2016)
I wish I had done everything on earth with you - The Great Gatsby
Some birds aren’t meant to be caged. Their feathers are just too bright. - Arnold Bennett, The Shawshank Redemption
What I really want to do with my life — what I want to do for a living — is I want to be with your daughter. I’m good at it. - Say Anything
You don’t know about real loss, because that only occurs when you love something more than you love yourself. - Sean Maguire, Good Will Hunting
Life is not the amount of breaths you take, it’s the moments that take your breath away. - Hitch
It’s only a passing thing, this shadow. Even darkness must pass. A new day will come. And when the sun shines it will shine out the clearer. - Samwise Gamgee, The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers
In my opinion, the best thing you can do is find someone who loves you for exactly what you are. Good mood, bad mood, ugly, pretty, handsome, what have you. - Juno
You are what you love, not what loves you. - Donald Kaufman, Adaptation
It would be a privilege to have my heart broken by you. - The Fault In Our Stars
Don’t dream it, be it. - Dr. Frank-N-Furter, The Rocky Horror Picture Show
I’ve come here with no expectations, only to profess, now that I am at liberty to do so, that my heart is, and always will be, yours. - Sense & Sensibility
Happiness can be found even in the darkest of times. If one only remembers to turn on the light. - Albus Dumbledore, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
Everything I have ever done, I’ve done for you. - Great Expectations
A laugh can be a very powerful thing. Why, sometimes in life, it’s the only weapon we have. - Roger Rabbit, Who Framed Roger Rabbit?
You’re the first boy I ever kissed, Jake, and I want you to be the last. - Sweet Home Alabama
The past is just a story we tell ourselves. - Samantha, Her
They say when you meet the love of your life, time stops, and that’s true. - Big Fish
You mustn’t be afraid to dream a little bigger, darling. - Eames, Inception
Here’s looking at you kid. - Casablanca
Some infinities are simply bigger than other infinities. - Hazel Grace Lancaster, The Fault In Our Stars
If you were waiting for the opportune moment, that was it. - Captain Jack Sparrow
Oh, Jerry, don’t let’s ask for the moon. We have the stars. - Now, Voyager
Tell ’em to go out there with all they got and win just one for the Gipper. - Knute Rockne All American
Well, here’s another nice mess you’ve gotten me into! - Sons of the Desert
Listen to them. Children of the night. What music they make. - Dracula
As God is my witness, I’ll never be hungry again. - Gone With the Wind
A martini. Shaken, not stirred. - Goldfinger
Gentlemen, you can’t fight in here! This is the War Room! - Dr. Strangelove
Life is a banquet, and most poor suckers are starving to death! - Auntie Mame
Of all the gin joints in all the towns in all the world, she walks into mine. - Casablanca
I’ll have what she’s having. - Deli Patron, When Harry Met Sally
It’s all in the reflexes. - Jack Burton, Big Trouble in Little China
We’re going to need a bigger boat. - Chief Brody, Jaws
Get your stinking paws off me, you damned dirty ape! - George Taylor, Planet of the Apes
Goonies never say die. - Mike, The Goonies
I love the smell of napalm in the morning. - Kilgore, Apocalypse Now
I fart in your general direction. - Frenchman, Monty Python and the Holy Grail
At least you’ll never be a vegetable – even artichokes have hearts - Amélie Poulain, Amélie
Why so serious? - The Joker, The Dark Knight
I remember my first beer. - Brennan Huff, Step Brothers
Doth mother know you weareth her drapes? - Tony Stark, The Avengers
What is this? A school for ants? - Derek Zoolander, Zoolander
If you wear a dress, and have an animal sidekick, you’re a princess. - Maui, Moana
Nothing goes over my head. My reflexes are too fast. I would catch it. - Drax, Guardians of the Galaxy
Can I use the facilities? Because being pregnant makes me pee like Seabiscuit! - Juno MacGuff
Get that finger out of your ear! You don’t know where that finger’s been! - Rex Kramer, Airplane!
Ain’t nobody coming to see you, Otis! - David Ruffin, The Temptations
Fourth wall break inside of a fourth wall break? That’s like… 16 walls! - Deadpool, Deadpool
I share a drawer with a phone book and she’s got two closets? - Alex Fielding, Twitches
Donkey, You Have The Right To Remain Silent. What You Lack Is The Capacity. - Sherk, Sherk 2
I think I’d miss you even if we’d never met. - The Wedding Date
You are the perfect verse over a tight beat brown sugar. - Brown Sugar
You want the moon? Just say the word, and I’ll throw a lasso around it and pull it down. - It’s A Wonderful Life
I can’t see anything I don’t like about you. - Eternal Sunshine Of The Spotless Mind
I love you very much, probably more than anybody could love another person. - 50 First Dates
Some people are worth melting for. - Frozen
But our love… It’s like the wind. I can’t see it, but I can feel it. - A Walk To Remember
What I’m trying to say is, I’ve loved you since I was 11, and that shit won’t go away. - Love And Basketball
I wish I knew how to quit you. - Brokeback Mountain
Some love stories aren’t epic novels. Some are short stories, but that doesn’t make them any less filled with love. - Sex And The City
Maybe Christmas (he thought) doesn’t come from a store. Maybe Christmas perhaps means a little bit more. - The Grinch
Merry Christmas, ya filthy animal. - Home Alone
No, I am your father. - Darth Vader, Star Wars: Episode V The Empire Strikes Back
There’s no one I’d rather be, than me! - Ralph, Wreck-It Ralph
There’s too many captains on this island. Ten thousand dollars for me, by myself. - Quint, Jaws
Houston, we have a problem. - Jim Lovell, Apollo 13
Inconceivable! - Vizzini, The Princess Bride
I am Groot. - Groot, Guardians of the Galaxy
Your friendly neighborhood Spider-Man! - Peter Parker, Spider-man Homecoming
Love is bigger than any tidal wave or fear. - Bethany Hamilton, Soul Surfer
Always let your conscience be your guide - Pinocchio
Darling, forever is a long, long time. And time has a way of changin’ things. - The Fox and the Hound
You want something done, you’ve got to do it yourself. - The Little Mermaid
You don’t lose hope, love. If you do, you lose everything. - Beauty and the Beast
A true hero isn’t measured by the size of his strength but by the strength of his heart. - Hercules
Even miracles take a little time. - Cinderella
It’s important to always look where you’re headed rather than where you were. - The Lion King
I never look back, darling! It distracts from the now. - The Incredibles
Sometimes our strengths lie beneath the surface. - Moana
Success doesn’t come for free. You have to do whatever it takes to seize your moment. - Coco
I’m very fond of walking. - Elizabeth Bennet, Pride & Prejudice
I may have lost my heart, but not my self-control. - Emma, Emma
All I want – all I have ever wanted – is the quiet of a private life, but, eh, my mother is determined to see me distinguished. - Edward Ferrars, Sense and Sensibility
Now I must give you one smirk, then we can be rational again. - Henry Tilney, Northanger Abbey
Am I a machine without feelings? - Jane Eyre, Jane Eyre
My love for Linton is like the foliage in the woods: time will change it, I’m well aware, as winter changes the trees. My love for Heathcliff is the eternal rock beneath: a source of little visible delight, but necessary. - Catherine Earnshaw, Wuthering Heights
Give him a book and he will read all day long. - Charles Musgrove, Persuasion
But I have nothing to give you.  My hands are empty. - Friedrich, LIttle Women
You think if you shake me hard enough something profound will come out, but I assure you, I am profoundly shallow. - Mary Crawford, Mansfield Park
A mother’s love holds fast and forever. A girl’s love is like a puff of smoke – it changes with every wind. - Hannah Thornton, North & South
You sit on a throne of lies. - Elf, 2003
It’s just a flesh wound. - Monty Python and the Holy Grail, 1975
Hello, my name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die. - The Princess Bride, 1983
Looks like I picked the wrong week to quit sniffing glue. - Airplane, 1980
You’re killing me, Smalls. - The Sandlot, 1993
Leave the gun. Take the cannoli. - The Godfather, 1972
Tina, you fat lard! Come get some dinner! Tina, eat. Food. Eat the food! - Napoleon Dynamite, 2004
That is my least vulnerable spot. - Casablanca, 1942
Really, really ridiculously good-looking. - Zoolander, 2001
It’s like I have ESPN or something. - Mean Girls, 2004
Friendship is everything. Friendship is more than talent. It is more than the government. It is almost the equal of family. - Don Corleone, The Godfather
Great men are not born great, they grow great... - The Godfather
Revenge is a dish that tastes best when served cold... - The Godfather
Leave the gun -- Take the cannoli - The Godfather
I have no such powers. If I did I would be more merciful than God, believe me. - The Godfather
Behind every great fortune there is a crime. - The Godfather
Revenge is a dish that tastes best when its cold. - Don Corleone, The Godfather